docs: warn about setting `inheritAttrs: false` with fetch (#2217)
nuxt/nuxtjs.org: content/en/docs/7.components-glossary/1.fetch.md

When `fetchOnServer` is `false` or returns `false`, `fetch` will be called only on client-side and `$fetchState.pending` will return `true` when server-rendering the component.

::alert{type="warning"}

> <b>Warning:</b> the fetch hook relies on `fetchKey` to update the DOM, make sure that you don't set `inheritAttrs: false` on your Vue component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fetch hook relies on adding `fetchKey` as an attribute within the DOM, so you will need to ensure you don't set `inheritAttrs: false` on any component using `fetch`.
```
